Haha, kind of interesting.
I understand you.
If you win
I agree to cooperate with you.
But what if you lose?
This card has 10 billion
If I lose
I will donate the money here unconditionally
Shangguan Group
I mean it.
Seriously wait
Before gambling
We need to check if you have that much money.
If you're lying
Then be banned
Take your time.
There is indeed 10 billion yuan in the electricity successful card
10 billion. That's not
Whatever a small company can do.
I told you.
I have verified the strength of Dynasty Group
However, Mr. Chen
You don't have to bet like that
I'll convince them to work with you.
How can that work?
Others have already decided not to gamble?
Don't be small here
Shangguan knows, no way
Please rest assured that Shangguan has you, this bet is made by me
Then I have 100% coverage
Then you choose the stock first.
The system has released all my big words
Don't tell me omnipotent
There's nothing in the store that predicts stocks
Of course there is the eye of the stock god
You can see the stocks go up and down.
100 million the Muse Fund
It's him, the exchange is successful.
The Eye of the Stock God is activated